(JS) Remove documentation for removed deprecated content in v4 (#2029)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js/features/odata/common/operation-imports/request-builder.mdx

The operation request builder helps build a request for service operations such as function and action imports if they are exposed.

:::note

> Please notice that action imports are only supported in OData V4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please notice that action imports are only supported in OData v4.
```

> Please notice that action imports are only supported in OData v4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that action imports are only supported in OData v4.
```
